It is good,
so it will work.
So this is
the vision.
Isn't that amazing?
The Lord told us. It
is
working.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, I know we don't have anybody here
now.
Oh, I
was—wow,
they all came back.
I thought you said 2,000 people bring
us
that fast. Are
you live?
Yeah, we are live.
I think it is working.
Starlink.
Thank God for Starlink.
Do not unplug it. Love.
Okay.
Hi everybody,
love you all.
What, it is
working now? You
are
saying, okay. I lowered my bit
rate
too much. YouTube
is
saying I am trying to make it
what?
I lowered the quality too much, so
YouTube
is
getting mad at me. I am trying to make it
faster. I will raise it
up. Is it working?
Yeah,
we
are
trying.
Our
internet went out, so we had to go with
Starlink, and we bought Starlink, which
is cool, last week.
The Lord said, you need to get
Starlink.
So, we went and bought the Starlink for
the house
and Braden had not run it all
in there. And I said, did
you—it
was so cool because we even got the
best one they had.
And we put it out and we had not even
used it.
And
we bought the program and everything and that
is
what we are using right now.
And the Lord already warned me
for what is coming. There
is
a lot more than
I
tell you all, but it is just
interesting because it goes with what I
have
seen concerning internet, and
Starlink will be some of the only things
that will be used sometimes.
Cyber security, cyber attacks.
So, I think it is kind of neat.
Well, when everybody else's internet
is
down in the world, what is it going to
matter? I guess, you know, if YouTube does
not
work, their internet is down,
that part of it, but at least we
will
be able to
use it if we need to.
It works good. That
is
pretty cool.
Elon Musk had a good idea.
We
are
off the grid.
I
am
tired now,
but I am back. Let us just pray, you
all.
Okay, I am sorry. I do not remember what
I was even saying.
We were talking about being patient with
the babies, and
I probably said something the
Holy Spirit said, good. I
did not
want you saying that anyway.
So,
Father, we just thank you for
the body,
Lord, for this time of prayer. Lord, we
are
so thankful that you died
for us and you rose again on the third
day.
I take this body in the name of Jesus.
That as he is, so are we in this world.
And by your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we remember all that you have done for
us,
and we are healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Lord,
we
are
so grateful for the blood.
We make much of the blood. The blood
makes
much of us.
We apply the blood over our sin.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are born
again. We
are
so grateful for all that you
have
done for us, and that we sleep
sound, uninterrupted, and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force.
Thank you, Lord, that the tornadoes did
not
touch us. Thank you, Lord, that
our house is safe. Thank you, Lord, that
our roof is safe. Thank you, Lord, for
all that you have done for us. We
are
so grateful
for the authority of the believer.
And we take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
Hallelujah.
Well, who wants to go tubing with what
is
here? We
will
pray for President Trump, Don Jr.,
and them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that Elon
Musk is born again.
Father, I lift up Elon Musk before you,
his invention that we are using right
now. I
am
so grateful, Father, for Elon Musk
at this moment. Thank you, Lord, that
Elon Musk is radically born
again. I thank you Lord that he has a
visitation from you
even tonight, this very night. I thank
you Lord that you touched Elon Musk
and you bless him.
Father, I thank you Lord that he would
have a radical conversion, a
radical conversion to Jesus.
Father, I thank you Lord.
Some plant, some water, and God,
you said you would bring forth the increase.
Now God, I know that there have been
people that have witnessed to him, and I
thank you Lord that the increase is
coming. Now we call Elon Musk born again
in the name of Jesus. Now Father, I
thank you Lord according to Ephesians
that the eyes of Elon Musk's
understanding are enlightened. Now
Father, I thank you Lord right now
that his eyes are flooded with light
that he may know.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that he
knows. He knows that you are God. He
knows. And not only that he knows,
Father, that he
that
believeth—I
messed that scripture up.
I was going to say,
wow, that is terrible. I
am
tired.
I was talking about
the scripture where it says that he that
cometh to God must believe that he is,
that he is a
rewarder of those that diligently seek
him. I thank you that Elon Musk believes
that he is,
that he has a revelation that
he is a rewarder.
He that cometh to God must believe. He
is
a believer and he
believes that he is a rewarder of those
that diligently seek him. Father, I
thank you, Lord,
that right now Elon Musk is born again
and his children.
Lord, we thank you for that. I
call it done. I thank you, Lord, that
the technology of Starlink will be used
for the kingdom of God
just like it is being used right now. We
are
so grateful. We
so thankful. We
are
thankful, Father, because we are living
in a
time—even
10 years ago
we would not have something like
this. We
are
so grateful. We
so thankful
for all that you have done and all that you
are
going to do in these last days.
Father, I pray over President Trump. We
lift up his boys before you, Eric and
Don Jr. We call them
saved, delivered, baptized in the Holy
Ghost, filled with and controlled by the
Holy Ghost. Father, I thank you Lord
that both of them will
be on fire, radical for Jesus in these
last days. I thank you Lord for on the
road
to the Damascus experience,
Father, that they will have a major
shaking in their hearts to come to the
saving knowledge, if they are not born
again, a saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus Christ, a supernatural conversion.
Father, I thank you Lord for stirring
in them in Jesus'name. Father, there
is
protection over Eric, Don,
Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, and over
Akai and over the grandkids. I call them
safe. I call them protected in the name
of Jesus. And Father, I thank you, Lord,
that President Trump is always at the
right place at the right time, doing
exactly what he is supposed to be doing.
I thank you, Lord, that he hears your
voice and a stranger's voice he will not
follow. I thank you Lord that he takes
no counsel from the ungodly. Father,
that he leads this nation in a way that
is all to the glory of God.
That when you say go left, he
goes left. When you say go right, he
goes right. Father, when you say jump,
he jumps. Father, I thank you Lord that
he is so yielded to the Holy Ghost
that he would hear you, Father. Father,
because you are the ultimate, you
lead us and you guide us in truth
in
everything we do. I thank you, Lord,
that you are leading him and you
are
guiding him and he will hear you and he
will not follow after his own lust or his
own flesh, but Father, he will follow after
the spirit of God. And Father, I thank
you, Lord, that Cuba is next.
Cuba is next. The people of Cuba will be
liberated and there will be a major
revival from all over Cuba
in the name of Jesus and they will give
you all the glory, honor, and praise.
That the dictator is coming down
and that is concerning Mexico.
Claudia's
days are done, Father. And you will bring
in a better one.
I thank you, Lord. The same with
North Korea, that Kim Jong-un's days are
done.
Father, that you will raise up a new
leader in North Korea. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that these tyrant men and
tyrant women will go in the
name of Jesus and their days are
numbered in the mighty name of Jesus. And
that you will raise up new leaders in
these areas. Thank you, Lord, that we're
liberating Iran, that Iran will be born
again, that Iran will be on fire for
God, that the underground church will
take a hold of this opportunity and run
in the name of Jesus and rise up with
the
backbone like a crowbar and take the
land for you all in the name of Jesus.
Father, we're so grateful. We're so
thankful for you've called us, every
single one of us, for such a time as
this. Father, we are not going
to just shy back in our houses and hide,
but we're going to rise up, we're
going to mount on the wings of eagles,
and we're going to soar like the eagles
and not be down like the chickens.
I thank you, Father, that you've called our
family to pray, and
we pray over
the
St. Patrick's Day parade, that
no weapon formed against them will
prosper. We cover this nation, every
state, every county, every city,
every town. We cover it in the
name of Jesus that we will not see
terrorist activity in our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that
our sheriff's department, our
local law enforcement, our homeland
security, the FBI, and
the NSA, Father, all of it. Father, the
people that are protecting this nation,
we thank you, Lord. They have
supernatural wisdom.
They have sight to see beyond what they
need to. They're looking like a watchman,
seeing what they see. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the people that are around,
if they see things that are wrong and
off, Father, that you'll raise up people
with voices in these last days
to say, 'Hey, there's wrong over here,
there's wrong over there.'And
there'll
be whistleblowers
now. Father, I pray over Europe right
now in the name of Jesus.
All over Europe,
all over our
borders.
I see war games
with
Russia.
Thank you, Father.
The very thing we've done to help
Ukraine out
is what Russia is going to do with Iran
in the days ahead
on a greater scale
with their satellites.
In reality,
it has the potential without covering in
prayer to put American troops and
American soldiers in harm's way.
And this will provoke
trouble
as Biden did this
with Ukraine.
I see a strategic ally and North Korea
backing this in the days ahead, trying to
bring in what they want because they
want the oil. They want these rights
of
a strategic ally
trying to keep their ally strong.
Come,
Lord.
We call
a
de-escalation
with Russia and them.
I see that.
North Korea.
That Trump will go ahead with the plans
that he knows what he's going to do
next.
That
it will go
seamless.
It's backing the dog in the corner.
It's what the Lord warned
about, backing the dog in the corner. And
do not underestimate your enemies.
Do not underestimate your enemy from the
south,
just right below us,
the closest, the southernmost point.
Do not
underestimate the enemy.
They have a weapon underneath there in a
bunker.
It was given to them by Russia.
I see this.
We stand in agreement.
I see them. There
are
strategic people we should pray
for right now concerning this. There
are
strategic people
that we should protect
and cover them in prayer.
Father, I thank you Lord that every
single one of them
are protected in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you Lord.
Protect them right now
in Jesus name.
In Jesus name.
All around Taiwan.
The rain.
All intelligence.
The protection is over them.
I ask you to protect them.
The intelligence
from this constrictor.
I pray a hedge around and about them
from the constrictor.
All of the intelligence
concerning the underground bases
and what's below the surface.
Everything that I have been
praying right now is laying a
foundation
concerning intel
words that are being spoken
from people in the know. And that's all
I'll call them, people in the know.
We have to protect
the
people in the know.
It's so important
that they'll find everything that they need to find
today. That
they'll
find
everything
that is hidden.
Everything that is hidden be found
today.
We
call an unveiling.
We call that there's no stone they can
hide under. There's no cave they can
hide under. There's no underground
bunker that they can hide in.
We
call them exposed.
We call them out.
That our intel, our helpers
know where they are.
That
the day of judgment is at their door.
That every secret rocket, every
biological attack weapon, every drone,
everything that is meant to bring harm
to anyone, we bring it out. We bring it out into
the
open.
We expose it
in the name of Jesus. We expose it.
Every plot, every plan, every
underground communication
I see, it's like these little
internet
cables again.
They're communicating in a
secret way, even
to
the people
here.
The chatter
has gone down a lot
from
what I had seen
because they don't want to be exposed,
but they're still here
and I see them able to contact, and
they're able to get the information out
that is needed.
Strategic things,
strategic
commands
to deliver the greatest blow.
That's the word you need to focus on. To
deliver the greatest blow.
You don't just hit somebody. You want to
make sure you're going to knock them
out.
You
want to knock them out.
And I say strategic,
strategic. Why have we not seen anything
yet?
Do you understand?
Why have we not seen any of the cells
activated yet? I hear the word
strategic,
precise blows to knock them out,
to fatally wound the eagle.
Not
make it where the eagle can still fly.
Fatal,
to bring a wound
that is unrecoverable, like you can't
recover from it.
They're looking for the
jugular.
Strategic
moves.
And as I see
these cells across the nation,
I can see them in each city.
And there's a line
that goes
on the top of the United States soil
that looks like a cord, but it has
fiber optics and it's
moving
with information like an
information highway. And
it's thicker. Then it has attachments to
each city
that looks like an extension cord
similar to what's on this light.
But you can't see that. They can see it.
They can, right there. Yeah.
You see how thin that is?
That's what's attached to the big cord,
which would be what's powering
the
satellite right now in our house.
But this is a little cord.
And I see those little cords and
they're
going off the center of America. And each
one of those are running to a state with
a telephone on it.
Now, I don't know what that represents. I
don't understand that.
But I'm telling you what I see.
And there's little cords that are
running too. And I see the state of
Mississippi.
I see a state of Alabama.
I see the state of Georgia. I see
Florida, and those are the ones
running
with these fiber optic cables with
telephones on the end of them,
and I see these men of
war
plotting and planning,
and they're having an infrastructure, they're waiting
for it,
but it is a red,
it looks like a red balloon
that's pink,
and it comes up out of it and it was
going towards the east.
Back
stitching,
it shot up out of it and it
looked like it was going to the east, but it looked like a red
bloom
and they were waiting for
specific instructions.
Don't be hasty. We've been planning
and
plotting this for too long. It
is
strategic. It
not what you would say like a bully
in the schoolyard who throws the first
punch.
What they would consider is we did.
Now they want to use something that is
fatal,
not a punch back,
but something that would be
more than a wound.
And that is what I am trying to tell you.
I see this. It
is
strategic,
but they cannot give their hand because
if there is too
much chatter, our
everybody is
at a heightened alert right
now
watching the chats, watching things.
Our FBI, our homeland security are
looking,
so they want to make sure they stay
below the radar. That is what I am trying
to tell you.
And a landline phone
is like old tech, like
those rotary phones. That
is
the kind of phone they are on.
Do you remember those? It
was not
like a cell phone.
It looked like one of those old phones, like
what you call the commissioner on
the old Batman. That
is
the kind of phone it was, like a
Batman phone,
like an old black phone.
That
is
exactly what
it was. A black phone attached to
a little cord,
but it did not look like
sophisticated
technology. It was old school
how they were communicating, coming off
a fiber
cable
with a little cord
on a black phone.
So what does that mean?
But I saw all these cords going to
New York. I saw it go to Chicago. I saw
it go to all these major cities.
Atlanta. Why did I say Georgia? Atlanta. What
is a
Mississippi? I have no idea.
But there is something about Mississippi.
And if you remember, okay,
remember what I told you about the
water.
The water.
Mississippi, Alabama,
Georgia, panhandle of Florida.
I saw men that were Arab trying
to do something to the water
plants.
Do
you remember this?
With a vial
that was the size of a teaspoon,
and they
were trying to do something to the
water.
Does anybody remember this?
My son is shaking his head. He does. I did
not know that.
I love you,
Braden.
This is so strategic.
They
do
not
want just
a
counterreaction
punch.
They want it to be a fatal blow.
You have to understand, you are dealing
with people who have been planning and
plotting this. I saw
millions and millions of dollars being
funneled.
Are we okay?
Did they drop me again? It
is
because of what I am saying.
They do not like me saying what I
am
saying.
Millions of dollars.
Obviously, YouTube is either
censoring me tonight or I am going
to have to watch what I say on this for
right now.
Is it okay?
And in this,
people were dying of thirst.
Remember?
They had bottled water,
but we could not get the bottled water
down to the coast fast enough,
so people even in Houston were
perishing. It did not affect Houston,
but the media said it did.
And I remember in this visitation I had,
the Lord said pray over the water
supply,
and I saw bottled water coming in, but there
are
too many people to bring water
to all those people.
And when this happened,
I saw a child.
I saw the mother trying to console
the
child and I saw the father.
The child went home first,
the mama went home second, and the
father went home third.
They dug a massive grave
that was the size of football fields,
and they put them all in black bags and
they laid them all inside this
and they put all of them down because they
could not
have enough funerals for all
the people,
and they buried the dirt on top of them
and they put an eagle on the top of it
as a memorial of what happened from an
attack from another nation.
Does anybody remember this? It
was
one of the first visions I gave you
on here over a year ago.
The Lord said,
so I see Mississippi.
I see Alabama.
I see Georgia.
I see Florida.
And this cord is going to this
rotary phone.
And I believe without adding to or
taking away from anything, it has to do
with this because the Lord is
showing
me that vision again.
Praying over our water supply,
praying over our electric grid.
I saw certain cities would be without
power for over three weeks,
some for months.
And it was not the ice storm that I saw.
This was something totally different,
but it was something to do with cyber.
Now, I know these visions are heavy, but
I warn you again because I see them.
The same thing with the Mississippi
River and the barge floating down it.
North Korea had a barge
that was secret and they were coming
down it, and I saw them trying to come
and get oats and they shot a rocket,
it was black and white and it said USSR
on the side of it.
Old school rocket. It did not get
high enough and it was an EMP and it went over
Tennessee,
Kentucky and that area, but it did
not
go high enough. But it was an EMP and it
knocked everybody's power out and
the Lord said pray over that.
They put it on a barge. They opened the
barge
up and they brought this rocket up
and they shot it up. It was
North Korea.
Yeah.
So those are the things. They were
going to get oats
and people thought they were
Asians,
but it was a disguise.
So we keep
all the network of communication,
all the secret communication, we call it
uncovered in
Jesus'name,
even by a rotary phone. Whatever that
means, that means it is old school
communication.
Could it be like Morse code?
Could it be something that nobody
is
paying attention to because we
are
looking at
the
internet?
How are they communicating
that is below the radar like an
old rotary phone?
So this is symbolic. I hear the spirit
of the Lord say it
is
not the internet highways. It is a
branch off of the internet fiber optics.
They are communicating not by
natural means of how we
all communicate like Facebook or all this
stuff
internet. This is a rotary
phone. They
are
under the radar.
How are they communicating?
Old means of communication. How are they
doing
it?
Is this by letter?
Give them wisdom today.
Give them wisdom today. How they
are
communicating.
Give them wisdom. Lord, give our
intelligence, our secret intelligence,
our underground intelligence
concerning how they are communicating,
what they are planning, what they
are
plotting against this nation. We call it
uncovered in the name of Jesus.
They will not give us any kind of blow.
They will not hurt
us by any kind of secret communication
of a plot of a plan
of when to strike this land.
We call it exposed in
Jesus'name.
We call it exposed
in
Jesus'name.
Father, we thank you, Lord,
that you are giving our men and women
that are working for this nation. So,
[DNI/CIA]
our people
that are protecting, our law
enforcement, our FBI. Protect them,
Lord. Give them wisdom in their sleep.
Speak to them in the midnight hour.
Lord,
uncover the darkness.
Uncover the darkness.
Oh,
this is concerning Cuba, too. Where
is the
rotary phone? Was it the 50s
or
the 60s?
Okay. It
is
telephone to telephone.
You understand?
Telephone to telephone.
Telephone. Telephone.
How do you get around it? Telephone to
telephone.
You can communicate
telephone to telephone.
Lord, let it be like a bloodhound on a
scent. We
will
find it. We
will find
it. We
will
bring it out.
The
carrier pigeons.
The Lord said it is like, he
is thanking
carrier pigeons.
You
said every single time they have
tactics of World War II, you bring in
the Native Americans.
You cannot decipher a
code whenever you are speaking
in Cherokee.
Carrier pigeons.
I see.
It
is
like
Sandro.
It has to do with condos. The followers of Halal. It has to do with Ramadan.
Not wanting to do something until after
Ramadan.
I see a
scorpion coming up out of Alabama. I see
a scorpion coming up out of
Mississippi.
A scorpion coming up out of
the water
of the
Gulf of America. It is coming up by
Alabama and Mississippi on the border,
and it
is
headed
toward Tennessee.
Lord,
tell them the color of the
scorpion; it
is
tan.
I see a red light,
like
the
ones
on
old fire trucks
and police cars,
those old red lights
that go around in a circle in a dome.
Out
of
the
coast of Africa,
I see a boat.
I see that boat again
with the
black and
red bottom coming out
of Africa.
The cartel,
you will see.
The spiders, I see
a black widow looking spider.
We pray over Alex. He
is
protected, he has that
shield around him, and he has made
the choice.
The
USA
is
attached to Israel. I see Benjamin.
I see
Mark,
the man over Canada.
We worship you,
we
thank you, Lord,
that you protect
our nation.
Will you protect our nation, oh God,
that you will speak to your bride,
the remnant,
so
that we prepare ourselves for what
is
coming.
That we prepare ourselves
for a shaking,
that we prepare ourselves for revival.
We prepare ourselves, God.
All throughout Australia,
all throughout New Zealand,
all throughout the land,
over South Korea. We call a revival once
again.
A great mighty move of the presence
upon the soil of South Korea.
Let it spring forth a fountain,
a
major move of God
flowing like a fountain,
and
that
it would be a great glory that
flows out of
there
and
throughout all of
Asia,
throughout Japan, North
Korea,
and
Taiwan.
I see a red
flannel
shirt with white lines.
When I said that, I saw red
flannel concerning Taiwan.
It looked like a blanket
over Taiwan.
The
red
was
on
top
and
the
white
was
on
the
bottom.
That
we find all those secret
places.
We find
the secret places
all throughout Iran.
Every rocket, every
roadside, whatever they
are
using to hurt people.
I thank you now. God, we pray over this
prince.
Lord, sustain his life as long as he
is
supposed to be here. You
have
said so many times it is a window.
And this is what comes out of Ezekiel 38
and 39.
Oh Father, we thank you.
We give you praise, Lord.
I pray over their
finances.
I pray over their money, Father, that they
are
blessed in the city, in the
field, coming in and going out,
that everything they put their
hands to would prosper.
That they lack no good thing. That they
are
standing underneath the
waterfall concerning this end-time
harvest.
I thank you Father that every viewer
here today blesses them in
the mighty name of Jesus,
that every seed they sow
they reap back 30, 60, 100-fold.
Father, we thank you Lord that we tap
into that 100-fold.
I pray that my ground,
when people try to bless me, Father,
would be better than Solomon's ground.
He was blessed,
and Father, when people gave him money,
it
kept coming on like a
waterfall.
Bless them, Lord.
Increase and multiply their hands.
Thank you, Lord, that they do not lack
any good thing in their marriages
and their children.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
every person represented here
today, their marriages are strong.
They love each other, and they will not
get divorces and split up. Father, they
will
learn how to have good
marriages
and work together
without strife,
for faith works by love.
Thank you, Lord, that they are healed,
whole, and well in their bodies.
I
thank you
that
wayward children are
coming home.
I pray over the list of
people who always ask,
'Brian,
will you pray for me?'We pray
for those people. Father,
we pray
that whatever they need in their
bodies,
minds,
or
households, it comes to pass
as
it lines up with the word. Father, we
thank you, Lord, it comes to pass.
I thank you.
Bless them, Father.
Bless them, Lord.
Make them a better blessing to more
people.
Give them more, Father, that there be
a blessing to increase on their
lives. That they will have more
than enough to do what you need them to
do.
That they lack no good thing.
They owe no man anything but to love
them.
And I thank you, Father,
for this great nation. I
am
a little
troubled;
I
have a caution
concerning this nation.
I feel
travail still,
and when I get in that river, I
am
praying over this beautiful
nation and over
Europe. I see surprise attacks,
black swan events about to happen in
Europe
concerning the Vatican,
specifically
praying over the Catholic Church and the
people,
trying to bring back a
reverence,
stirring up the new generation.
Stirring up the people again,
bringing them back to
church.
When I get in that river, we are living
in the last of the last, the last
seconds of the last days.
Thank you, Lord.
Uncover the things in the day.
Uncover it
concerning our secret men
hiding,
secret women hiding.
Help them.
Show them where it is hidden.
Everything hidden in those caves.
Everything in those tunnels being
revealed.
Everything
underneath the island
of
Cuba in these areas, everything
hidden be revealed.
It
is
like Hiroshima. It
just like Hiroshima. It
is
just like
Hiroshima.
Much the sorrow. The sorrow. Oh Lord. Oh
Lord. I am
telling you, it was given to him by
Russia,
a
strategic ally. It
is
old.
Remember the Cuban missile crisis,
old alliances? There
is
something there.
I see it.
Thank you Lord.
Which direction you want me to go,
Father? Are you done tonight or do you
want me to keep pushing?
I get up to there and there are so many
things, so many different tunnels, so
many things
concerning America and our safety
concerning Canada.
Oh Lord, thank you.
Do you remember when I told you the
night I went up and I said there
is
something about to happen, like within 48
hours, something major is about to take
place, and I said I feel it so strong
and I said to you all, I said,
Braden, look at the news, remember,
and I told him, I said, look at
the news, there is something about to
happen,
I feel it again.
And that night,
it was just about a week later or was
how
many days later?
Something major?
Oh yeah. Two, three days. Two or
three
days.
When I am in that place tonight, I feel a
same kind of an event. Not as strong as
what we see in Iran, but something
similar.
Two
days.
days later,
I said, I am so That is what I am telling
you. There is something. We are there
again.
Two days
later,
February
26.
Thank you.
But this has to do with Cuba.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you Lord. What
is
the Lord saying to you right now?
What is he saying to you right now? That
is
what I What is the Lord when you
are
praying tonight? What do you hear
with that still small voice? What
is
the father saying to you right
now? I
do not
hear. Yes, you do.
His sheep
hear his voice
and the stranger's voice they will not follow. What
is
the Lord warning you about? What
he telling you right now?
Do you feel the urgency in the air?
Do you feel that? We
are
trying to teach you something. Do
you feel the urgency? Do you feel that
pulse
by the leading of the spirit?
For those that are led by the spirit of
God
are the sons of God. We
are
led by his spirit.
And he speaks to us with that still
small voice on the inside of us. What
is
he saying to you tonight?
You do not need a prophetic ear. You say,
Well, I every believer,
every believer hears the father. What
is
he saying to you?
Just be still. Shoulder.
Everything is
about to change.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you Lord. We have peace.
We have joy.
We have patience,
kindness, goodness, gentleness.
Father, we worship you.
For the Lord is good
and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good
For the Lord,
he is good
and his mercy endures forever. We
are
not afraid
of the terror by night, nor of the arrow
that flieth by day. We are not afraid. We
are
not afraid.
We know we are always in the right place
at the right time, doing exactly what he
asked us to do
because we are led
by the spirit of God.
Because we are his sons and daughters. We
are
not afraid
of what they try to say. We
are
not afraid of what we will hear on
the news. We
are
not afraid.
We walk in peace and we walk in light. We
are
not going to be
underneath darkness. We are in the light.
We bow our knee to the Lord Jesus.
We have our head lifted high.
So no matter what you see in the days
ahead on the news,
whether
fearful sights you will see,
it will bring us to our knee.
Pray more on this channel. We will pray.
Pray more.
Seeking the Lord.
Seeking the Lord and we will find him.
We will knock and the door will be
opened.
We sit at his feet
and he will tell you his secrets.
He will tell you that which is to come.
We sit at his feet. We
are
not beggars. We
not at his feet begging.
How many of you want your kids sitting
at your feet begging for something for
you to Why? Because they are confident
and
they know you. If you are a good father,
a
good mother, and you are good to your
child, they do not beg you like that. They
just confidently ask,
Can I have a cookie? Can I have this?
Because you confidently
are resting in the finished work of
Jesus Christ. You
are
resting.
You confidently ask because it is already
been done. You already know you have
everything. My kids know anything
that I have I give them
in a moment to say, Daddy, can
I bless you?
They never begged me.
Can I please please please I
have a
relationship?
God has a relationship with his kids.
I sit at his feet not begging
but just believing
that he is already done it.
Oh, Father, I thank you that I am healed.
My knees, my body, I am healed and whole
and well. I
am
not moved by what I see. I
not moved by what I feel. I am moved
by what the word of God says.
I trust confidently in what you said you
would
do.
So, concerning the nations and concerning
what we are about to see,
I keep my eyes on you.
I keep my eyes and my eyes are on
you.
You believe that, Braden?
Right.
Jesus,
we love you so.
from our head to our toe,
we worship you.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, that went way long between that
and the other video.
Amazing, huh?
Almost two hours on this one and over How
long was the last one?
40 minutes.
I think 40 minutes after.
I think.
So, if you watch both of those, you
are
going to spend your whole
Saturday watching me,
praying with me in the
Holy Ghost.
I try not to keep them so long
for you, but the Holy Ghost is moving. I
cannot
apologize for that. I just
yield.
Ain't
that amazing, son?
That one was strictly prayer.
So, he did not want me talking like he
said last night. You
said,
Shut up.
And it went and it just cut off. And
you were just about to pray.
And I was just about to pray. So he
wanted a prayer talk video which is the
beginning and he wanted the
strictly prayer. There is something this
what I am trying to tell you all when
he did that was correction for me.
But he is trying to tell you there is a
major something about to take place.
So I will probably just take the other video
down so it is not a distraction.
Just watch this one and pray with you.
Pray. We must pray.
We must pray all 4,600 of you right
now. Thank you for being here.
Thank you for being here.
So, two videos on one night because of
the storms, but this one was all about
prayer.
45 minutes.
All glory to Jesus.
Well, if you could
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, do all that you can do
to help me with the algorithm. And
you are
saying relevance
about
the Catholic church. There is
a lot of
people did not know
they said about
reverence like
reverencing
relevance,
being relevant.
If I said that wrong,
forgive me. I
have a hard time
with certain words sometimes.
Relevant.
Whenever you
are
not
popular in the media anymore, you
become popular again.
Yeah.
Like you
will
see Kanye West do something crazy
every once in a while so he gets back in
the media. It
is
social.
You want him to do something nuts and
you look at him and go, What was that?
Why did you do that? Well, you remember
him again. Everybody is talking about
him.
If it is negative or positive, people
are
talking about him.
The Catholic Church over time, the Lord
said the younger generation,
they are losing its
relevance. The elder generation is
holding it up with their tithes and their
offerings, but the
younger generation is not adapting
into it. So, there is going to be an
event. It
is
going to shake the Catholic Church
and a great revival will come out of it.
Does that make sense what I was saying?
And I saw young people flooding back in
and there will be a shaking in the
Catholic community
and it will bring forth relevance,
being relevant again. It
will
be in the media
and it will have a wound. There
is
something going to happen
and it is going to, you know,
when people like 911,
Charlie Kirk
things happen and I am not talking about
the pope,
so do not think it is about the pope. I
saw an event happening at the Vatican,
some kind of attack, terrorist attack,
some kind of something
and it looked
like a
black swan event, like some kind of
something.
It
shook the church. It shook the people.
And as I was praying tonight, I saw it
again.
A major shaking is going to take place
in the Catholic Church.
I saw
young people flooding back in
Europe
specifically. Europe
and
South America.
It was not as much as America.
I saw South America with the Spanish
community
and the Europeans,
and it was major in Europe.
In
Rome,
it was about numbers.
You see a decline in your
attendees,
so they spark it
somehow. I saw a spark coming back, and I
saw the church pews full,
but the Lord said, I'll use it and there
will
be a great revival come out of
it.
Holy Ghost and fire will invade.
Is that clear?
I try really hard to explain things
so you don't walk away going, whoa, you
said this. I'm trying very hard. That's
as
clear as I can be, I believe.
But it will be something that will shake
the Catholic Church,
and it's coming.
And you'll remember what I said.
Even I saw a shaking to the point
where there will be an earthquake that
splits the wall of the Vatican,
and there will be a massive crack in it.
And this will be a sign
that the Catholic Church is
shaking. I saw a crack
in the walls of
the
area
where they have a mass.
I saw a massive crack in that.
Not in St. Peter's, but in that
Vatican area
where they all worship
where the Pope goes at Christmas.
I saw that building. I saw
destruction in it with the earthquake.
And I saw the pews full of people
and the square full of people
and it's a glory event, and the
Lord said I'll use it and the
presence of the Lord will fill that
place, and I saw demonstration of
healings and manifestations of the glory
with the young people.
There you go. That's what I saw right
there. You see that picture right
there? That
is
Easter or Christmas.
It's just for Christmas.
But it was that and it was a crack in
the wall and it was a big crack.
It looked like a crack
splitting
the floor.
I
said, I'm shaking the Catholic
Church. He said, this will be
symbolic. Italy will be shaken.
So that's what I saw.
Thank you Lord.
We praise you, Father.
What comes first?
What comes first, Lord?
Watch Cuba.
That's all I can tell you. Watch Cuba.
It's dark.
Cuba will go dark.
Cuba is about to go dark.
After
this major event,
a spring forth of new growth will come
out of it.
That which has not been there for
decades
will come straight up out of the middle,
and there will be green on this side, green
on this side, green on this side, and
green on this side.
And it has a stalk
and they will say, this is the
beginning of something new.
Cuba is about to be shaken.
And all of a sudden, that darkness that
was all on the island,
that landmark starts glowing with
some kind of glow.
It's all on the edge
and it's a white looking electric all
around it. And it starts to glow.
Cuba starts to glow.
I'm telling you, Cuba is about to go dark.
It's so clear that vision
in the still of the night in the
darkness.
I hear this by the spirit of the Lord.
In the still of the night in the
darkness
in the days ahead, watch what's about to
take place.
I'm going to liberate the people of Cuba
in the darkness
and the hand of the Lord will be on
this
and I'll protect your troops
and I'll protect you. I'll protect your
president.
But one will
remove
this bloodline.
He's going to remove this bloodline, the
name,
and a new leader will rise up
with Marco Rubio
in this area, and he will help them,
and
they will be for a spring
forth of economic growth.
I'm gonna tell you this.
I don't smoke.
But I'm going to tell you what I just
saw.
The cigars.
Cuban cigars.
What is that?
I see a Cuban. It has a yellow band
around it
and it is smoking.
I'm telling you to do about the economy.
I'm talking about economy
trade with the United States again. But
this is about establishing a stronger
Cuba.
Auto industry.
Listen to this very carefully. I see
auto industry cars going over there. I
see American cars. Brand new cars.
American-made
cars going to Cuba.
Ford, GMC. Remember this.
Ford,
GMC, Chevrolet
going to Cuba.
I see F-150 trucks,
Ford trucks going to Cuba.
Wow, that's interesting.
It's very clear.
Thank you, Father.
Praise God
in the darkness.
In the darkness,
an event.
But when you back a dog in the corner,
I'm telling you,
when you back that dog in the corner,
there's something down in there.
I'm not going to say anything else
because I don't want to put anybody in
danger.
In fact, do you think I already have
said too much?
If I did, just take it out.
I don't want to put anybody in
harm's way.
I saw Holy Spirit. You showed me. You
warned me.
You told me what was coming
to the nations.
All that we say in word and deed we
give all to the glory of God.
We attract and deflect. We know
apart from him I can do nothing.
I'm so thankful.
I'm in awe.
You know
I'm in awe of everything he has showed
us tonight. Again,
things that I can say and things that I
can't.
But I'm so thankful
for the Holy Spirit
to lead us into truth.
And I'm in awe of what he's done.
He's such a good God.
He warns his people
to pray.
So, thank you for coming out praying
with us.
We love you.
Remember,
there's 4,600 of you. We got a lot of
work done. And so
we're so grateful
for the people that took the time
tonight. It's getting really late.
And I need to eat. I'm doing really
well. I'm trying really hard to eat
right.
So all to the glory of God for two hours
now. So
long videos for you to watch, but I know it
was
all led by the Holy Spirit. And I
pray it blesses you.
We'll be back and pray again.
There's something about to happen.
So,
put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again
soon. Bye bye.